Next step on this course is to implement the logout.
Endpoint.
This one will be very simple to build.
It's a post mapping.
I will call it logout.
Public.
Log out response.
Follow.
Always the same structure.
No.
God response.
Look out.
And we build the methods we need to.
The producer of the record.
Look out.
Response.
In this case, it will be just a string message.
And we need to inject the cookie.
Cookie value.
Refresh Toucan.
String refresh token.
And they are going to need HTP servlet response out.
We log out from the application.
At the moment, the only thing that we have is a cookie that says that that contains my token.
So what we are going to do is to delete the cookie.
It's as simple as that.
How do we delete a cookie java?
That is the complicated part.
So we're going to build a new.
Cookie with the same name.
Okay.
And the same refresh token cookie.
With very new.
Cookie sets max age.
Two zero.
And as before said, it's the only true.
Response.
Okay.
Missing here.
Quick response.
Response.
Cookie.
And in fact, we don't need this.
So just return.
A new, uh, lockout response.
What about response success?
We run the application.
We call the logging user.
So we are logged in and we have a cookie.
We called the log out user.
We have success and we no longer have the cookie.
So if we try to refresh the token, no, we cannot because the refresh token cookie was deleted.
This is how we will implement the log out mechanism for the moment.
It's very simple in nature.
So it's just using again the cookie, creating exactly the same cookie with no value, setting the max
age zero set max age to zero to say that's to have no age and HTP only still true because it was true
in the refresh token as well.
We added to response and we just see success.
So it's very simple in in this case, it's a bit trickier because you don't have a method to delete.
You always need to create a new with no value.
But other than that, it's straightforward to do.